template/README.md, before:

# README

## How to generate types from a Swagger specification

We provide a script that lets you generate TypeScript types for a Swagger specification.

### Local

Run `yarn codegen local <file_name>` to generate types from a swagger file in your local repository. Note that the file needs to be located at the root folder.

### Remote

To use a remote source run `yarn codegen dev`. Don't forget to set a correct `BASE_URL` in `swagger-codegen.sh` which can be found in `./scripts`.

## Setting env variables at runtime

Sometimes there is a need to set env variables at runtime in the environment where the constainer is being executed. We provide support for the following env variables which can be set at runtime per default:

| Name          | Default       | Description   |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| REACT_APP_API_BASE_URL | /api | The base URL where the API can be found. |
| REACT_APP_BASE_NAME | / | "The base URL for all locations. If your app is served from a sub-directory on your server, you’ll want to set this to the sub-directory. A properly formatted basename should have a leading slash, but no trailing slash." Taken from https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/api/BrowserRouter/basename-string. |
| REACT_APP_DEPLOYMENT_ENV | not-set | This env variable is per default not used, but you can use it to customize your application depending on the environment it is running in. For example set it to `dev`, `staging` or `production` for your different environments. |

If you want to add other env variables that can be changed during runtime you need to add them in `Dockerfile`, `config.js`, `config.ts` and in `docker-entrypoint.sh`.

## Third party licenses

A file containing all third party licenses is automatically generated upon build and is available unter `third-party-licenses.txt`.

## Project origin

This project was bootstrapped from a customized React template for [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

For the template project see [cra-template-aaa-typescript](https://github.com/allaboutapps/cra-template-aaa-typescript).

Commit message:

doc: Add info about string key debug toggle

template/README.md, after:

# README

## How to generate types from a Swagger specification

We provide a script that lets you generate TypeScript types for a Swagger specification.

### Local

Run `yarn codegen local <file_name>` to generate types from a swagger file in your local repository. Note that the file needs to be located at the root folder.

### Remote

To use a remote source run `yarn codegen dev`. Don't forget to set a correct `BASE_URL` in `swagger-codegen.sh` which can be found in `./scripts`.

## Setting env variables at runtime

Sometimes there is a need to set env variables at runtime in the environment where the constainer is being executed. We provide support for the following env variables which can be set at runtime per default:

| Name          | Default       | Description   |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| REACT_APP_API_BASE_URL | /api | The base URL where the API can be found. |
| REACT_APP_BASE_NAME | / | "The base URL for all locations. If your app is served from a sub-directory on your server, you’ll want to set this to the sub-directory. A properly formatted basename should have a leading slash, but no trailing slash." Taken from https://v5.reactrouter.com/web/api/BrowserRouter/basename-string. |
| REACT_APP_DEPLOYMENT_ENV | not-set | This env variable is per default not used, but you can use it to customize your application depending on the environment it is running in. For example set it to `dev`, `staging` or `production` for your different environments. |

If you want to add other env variables that can be changed during runtime you need to add them in `Dockerfile`, `config.js`, `config.ts` and in `docker-entrypoint.sh`.

## Debug string keys

When you have many strings in your application it can be hard for QA and translators to figure out which string key in your language file (e.g. en.json) is used for which on screen text. 

For this you can open your browser console (CMD+ALT+i in Mac Chrome or CTRL+SHIFT+i in Windows Chrome), enter `debugStore.showStringKeys = true` and then press RETURN. This will display the string keys additionally to the translated text. Toggle this off again by using `debugStore.showStringKeys = false`.

## Third party licenses

A file containing all third party licenses is automatically generated upon build and is available unter `third-party-licenses.txt`.

## Project origin

This project was bootstrapped from a customized React template for [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

For the template project see [cra-template-aaa-typescript](https://github.com/allaboutapps/cra-template-aaa-typescript).
